Enhance the documentation and rearrange `README.md` (#71)
arduino/arduino-fwuploader: docs/usage.md

## Usage

### Firmware Flashing

> First install the `arduino-fwuploader`. Extract the zip file and, for example, to update the NINA module present on the

Reviewer: I recommend using the product name here.

Arduino MKR WiFi 1010, run:

```
./arduino-fwuploader firmware flash -b arduino:samd:mkrwifi1010 -a /dev/ttyACM0
```

> You just have to specify the fqbn (`-b` or `--fqbn`) of the board and the serial port (`-a` or `--address`) The firmware
> uploader will take care of fetching everything is required to perform the update process. If no module and version are
> specified **the latest version of the firmware** will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just have to specify the FQBN (`-b` or `--fqbn`) of the board and the serial port (`-a` or `--address`). The
firmware uploader will take care of fetching everything required to perform the update process. If no module and version
are specified **the latest version of the firmware** will be used.
```

If you want to flash a specific version of a firmware you can use the `-m` or `--module` flag

> For example to flash the WINC module present on the MKR 1000 with 19.6.1 version of the firmware you can run something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example to flash the WINC module present on the MKR 1000 with version 19.6.1 of the firmware you can run something
```

like:

```
./arduino-fwuploader firmware flash -b arduino:samd:mkr1000 -a /dev/ttyACM0 -m WINC1500@19.6.1
```

> There is also a retry mechanism bundled in the tool because the flashing process uses serial comunication and sometimes
> can be a bit unreliable. The retry flag is set by default to 9 retries, but it's possible to overwrite it for whatever
> reason. For example to update a Nano RP2040 Connect with the retry set to 2 you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a retry mechanism because the flashing process uses serial communication, which sometimes can be a bit
unreliable. The retry flag is set by default to 9 retries, but it's possible to overwrite it for whatever reason. For
example to update a Nano RP2040 Connect with the retry set to 2 you can use:
```
- Fix "comunication" typo
- Insignificant rewording
- Adjust line wrapping of paragraph after making the above changes.

```
./arduino-fwuploader firmware flash --fqbn arduino:mbed_nano:nanorp2040connect -a /dev/ttyACM0 --retries 2
```

> It's possible also to list the available firmwares for every board/module with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to list the available firmwares for every board/module with:
```
I think this avoids a sense of repetition I got when reading the word "also" once again in the continuation of the sentence below.

```
./arduino-fwuploader firmware list
```

but you can also filter the results by specifying the `-b` or `--fqbn` flag

> The tool offers the ability to print output in json, with the `--format json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool offers the ability to print output in JSON, with the `--format json` flag
```

### Certificates

The tool offers also the ability to flash SSL certificates to a module:

```
./arduino-fwuploader certificates flash -b arduino:samd:nano_33_iot" -a COM10 -u arduino.cc:443 -u google.cc:443
```

> or you can specify a path to a file with `-f` instead of the url of the certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you can specify a path to a file with `-f` instead of the URL of the certificate
```

### Command line options

The full list of command line options can be obtained with the `-h` option: `./arduino-fwuploader -h`

> ```
> Arduino Firmware Uploader (arduino-fwuploader).
> 
> Usage:
>   arduino-fwuploader [command]
> 
> Examples:
>   ./arduino-fwuploader <command> [flags...]
> 
> Available Commands:
>   certificates Commands to operate on certificates.
>   firmware     Commands to operate on firmwares.
>   help         Help about any command
>   version      Shows version number of arduino-fwuploader.
> 
> Flags:
>       --format string       The output format, can be {text|json}. (default "text")
>   -h, --help                help for arduino-fwuploader
>       --log-file string     Path to the file where logs will be written
>       --log-format string   The output format for the logs, can be {text|json}.
>       --log-level string    Messages with this level and above will be logged. Valid levels are: trace, debug, info, warn, error, fatal, panic (default "info")
>   -v, --verbose             Print the logs on the standard output.
> 
> Use "arduino-fwuploader [command] --help" for more information about a command.
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this is too difficult to maintain. Even though it is only intended to demonstrate the use of the `-h` flag, the readers may end up using it as a reference, but it will likely become outdated over time (as is the case with the equivalent content in Arduino CLI's docs).
